the other particular use for the red peppers as opposed to the yellow or green peppers. No, no, it was all salad peppers, all salads. that case. I will use a yellow pepper for this evening fabulous
a number I know kind of smelly. is not but I got it at a reputable market.
Well, let's see a Three-person salad bowl.
You want to put them in a calendar and Washington?
Oh, it's gone up here, my daughter. Oh, Oh, I see we have 2 big ones.
Okay, Now, how much do you guys? Each one like half of that?
We more if you leave if you'll eat more than that then i'll put the whole thing but not that i'll make to be what do you want half have one of these or more than that I could eat one of those but I won't
use it so you can eat about that much bad smell in here.
There is, but i'm probably most available is it the print oh, God, Okay,
Now of like diet text. you'll probably want me to watch this stuff selling me.
If you want you can use the let's watch it there's the latest one, you know the salads there.
Creoles. See how hard we were! Is this like something you had when you were young in your own family?
No, I don't think they ever did they actually exist but you probably didn't have to wash their salads back then, because they didn't know what was on them. They were crawling with disgusting tests
as a conceptual pesticides of the mind which I try.
This kitchen throughout. Beg your indulgence, my dear.
Here here. Okay, so the decide we do or do not want potatoes.
I think potatoes are excessive I think we have enough food here.
That's fine. Okay, we have rubbing like solid and fish. and green beans.
Yeah, we can make them garth thread or something. I have the ideal making the garbage right here.
Garlic, bread and butter. Ok. Well, actually i've crater, Joe's wit garlic bread spread so we could dispense with the garlic and the fighter.
Well, we could have gone out, but I wanted to be homemade you know. i'm just like well we could have gone out, but I wanted to be homemade, you know, Right?
Flavor is over evening, just rain food Oh, boy it's really not bizarre.
How like the breakfasts were already attached to the fish, or the skin, or something, so I probably could have bought it that way.
That I said I want to be home it's special they're working on reading pre-breaded Red Snapper Fish Farm.
It's have you heard about these horrific new genetic developments in in food livestock, you know like they're they're trying to breed like a 40 foot long tube chicken no keeping so that they can go
right from that nuggets. Yeah, it has no basically no body bones except a spine to convey the nerve.
Who's doing this? This is like some kind of horrific nightmare?
I read about this is to a chicken that's really worse.
It's just awful, of course you know the early man probably said the same thing about the first domestic chicken, you know.
Can you imagine if I tell in a beautiful jungle out there right?
Oh, I wonder if it's this horrible was there something fishy that smells?
No, I think it's just residual fish smell from the potent red snapper, for let me say one nothing worse than staring like a dope.
But your own girl oh, next got damn! What do you do to agree?
I thought it was funny I will happen. I got quite a giggle out of it. Do you dispense with the tomatoes that I had sitting in here safe as household efficiency doublecs for an angle
move. so my mom didn't catch any fish where are they fishing like in lakes.
I think, at the mouth of rivers of the coast.
We? they have some. So I started catching salmon.
Yeah, and some guy who knows a good thing when he's onto it calls the month. If you're running No, you want to come up here. catch madam, but they haven't can you know they eat it when they're up there and I guess they have some frozen but they
have put it in our stockings it's nice to have some recreation.
The most time when you're talking to this I mean this was in fact, they're supposed to go up in or you know, environmental.
They're supposed to go up at the end of august when they usually run it dish weren't running this year, you know it's like everywhere.
Nothing's doing, we're supposed to anymore. anywhere that's Why, that whole climbing expeditions really was supposed to be right in between yeah perfect weather and all that stuff, and they ended up getting early winters storms or late monsters or
whatever whatever. We are. a typical you know everywhere we've been in the past several years.
Everybody's talking about how, whether it just isn't normal really like when I was living there for a couple of years.
It was. The rainy season was all raining during the dry season was dry during the rings.
Oh, really, and really, really, joy they were having a yeah I don't know. I mean, I don't know if our drought here will ever break.
I wonder if this is just isn't the new weather for Southern California.
They They claim that there's these cycles in that we're in the middle of the next slide.
2 others. Well, I really, we read this great book called The End of Nature by the Sky, just 48 year old.
Harvard guy who lives out in the woods. I love the road anyway.
Smart and it's called yeah it's called the end of nature. It's just really a scary book, you know there's no natural world left right.
All the natural world was gone, and 1,975.
His premise is basically this, that as soon as the world hit a point where there was no more objectively pristine land,
When you know they found a little on top of Mount Everest, and at the very bottom of the ocean, Right?
Well, not yet. Man just had some effect. the entire absolute absoluteness of the globe.
Right. So in principle, the the concept of nature as a system inside of which man lives is over.
And then in practice. Since then, which was 15 years ago, man has had such dramatic impact on on what we used to think of as nature, that the only way to coexist with nature, it's no longer nature the quasi religious
overarching, ordering principle inside of which mankind lives.
And you know it. thing that we can all rely on as a balancing force over and above ourselves to order the universe.
Forget all that it's now you know the world is going to be kept in, or by the same people that brought you.
You know the atomic bomb and all that stuff right which just doesn't sound like a very practical proposal.
Wow! you know the same people brought you the extinction of all the large mammals in Europe and America are now entrusted with maint maintaining the entire glow for the rest of time.
Right. Not likely. So that was his basic premise, and then he goes on for the rest of the book, too.
I think it's really depressing heartlessly debunk all of the you know.
Watery eye, New age, Various theories of how it might not be that one forgotten.
We're flopped. Well, I read it in the New Yorker, and I thought, I don't know one of those New York articles.
Yeah, and it was really I read the whole thing, which is pretty rare, So I mean.
But his premise is not that mankind can survive on earth.
His question is, command. My spiritsually survived in a metaphysical world, in which it is happily obvious that man is the highest active principle you know, outside of the completely faith-based belief in God.
You know, which is irrespective of any relationship to nature.
There is now absolutely nothing in the world to which we are beholden.
And he? His question was, What impact is this going to have on the fucks at the endless cultural growth of the human species?
Do we even want this? Do we want to be the guy in charge of the world, on the other hand, is new singers too late. Well, he is kind of saying it's too late.
This is why it's such a depressing book right he's saying we already did it, and we haven't even thought about whether we wanted to do it or not is typical and and then it gets down to you know I mean that
brings it to play other people's remarks like you know the it's all fine and good for us in this generation to talk about savings the way, you know, saving the whale or saving the
polar bear, or making sure there's enough grizzly bears.
That's fine. But but implicit. is that at any point in time, any time in the piece that man the collective, you know, group or even individual special interests decide.
Yeah. So the whales they're out of it bang and so, anyway, Interesting book.
I read it because of this project you know which project the Hamiltonian project.
It's a thing i'm doing for disney is that Freeman to Africa.
Yeah, just come back. he's going back to to call India too, when November.
Those are not all related languages. No, there they just all have to be in Southeast Asia. Bill O'connell's in the Philippines.
Right have a heat book, I don't know if You've seen what's sew on the island of Sebu.
Oh, thanks, figure that would help arm and store in Tokyo a book called Power and Gold on Gold Power and gold.
It's all about jewelry traditions of the Archipelago, Indonesia and the Philippines right.
I was like you said I didn't like that you to do it?
Oh, no, you never want to do harder no okay because there's no in the National Museum they have a gold room that has all this.
You mean not made as well I mean it's just where do you like should they go somewhere where they free slack?
All right. We don't have a car garbage is underneath.
If you can save the bag that's part of my which is where landscape garbage is underneath, if we can save the bag, the solution is already plastic.
That's in there. Yeah, on the dining room table just anyway. Hmm.
Hey? that Carr's good it's really pretty it goes on, and I Oh, yeah, they go in how about that have that? And I have another one.
There's a museum called part of the hardship think that's just Indonesian and go through the participants.
These. he in here has some theory of drawing, at least art historically well between motifs of the seen.
This people there's not some with with mostly bot-topping diet following stuff.
You actually see it? I must see that right. Imagine pretty clearly some connection, anyway.
Interesting. Yeah, looks like enough salmon. I have to put the you put the water on the plants.
Is that what was going on you're watering with that is that what you're doing actually you know i'd love to do?
Gray water that weird it is they just go a great way of gray water processing center at the laundry net and the complex where I live like right outside of that door.
There's no huge machines and stuff that like filter It nominate their kind of light pump it into their watering system.
Graywater systems are local to I mean you get your own. you know It's not like a big story.
Yeah, you get your own grand water system. Yeah, complex, right because this is this apartment complex?
And there's the laundry match Well, laundry's the best way in showers.
I guess best way to get very water you wouldn't want what Well, I guess I guess it's more it's not that you don't want it on your lawn. if you don't want it sitting around or it goes on your life right stuff from the
same, because stuff from the sink would be great for your lot of work to get right out there. Yeah.
But then to be sitting there sort of decomposing and doing its thing.
I open the lawn to pin a nice little accomplice.
Well, Well, not if you were careful. I mean you know if you if you didn't have.
If you're really careful about importance because I went started going to the conference.
Yeah, actually, you know, Zeke, the sheikh is a local You know the guy who's compost pie blew up.
He used the composed from the place next door. That was a big big cemetery, and here you want to butter these.
The grass clippings this huge cemetery. They would mow their lawns.
He would take them. He asked him, If you have a grasp of it like 15 years or
So we have compost started to combust, you know, internally, spontaneously.
So just like this one of them. Yeah. Okay, Okay, yeah.
Delicious? Are they? No, because the mole? how are the beans?
How are the beans great checking for an expiration day?
All right. I just don't even put all the black things for him move out all right.
So I do something civilized like, Clear the table, or are we just going to barbarian it out?
No one's going to eat outside dark how will we see what we're eating cattle.
You want to eat inside. Rough But okay, outside's fine let's see, That's it Good!
But you still have to clean out that table it's dirty, so watch it with a clock, and wash it.
Break it down. I love great friends they're still good left over garlic.
So these are just the spices here, and stuff I guess the black same as black.
Erect. it's like purple bangal but appreciate.
Just finish it all up. Yeah, like a little lemon with 3. They're still finger. We came back from A.
We had to go to the Ritz carl which will rude off for a event, and we've gone what 4 days really relaxing. You know it's really great i'd have this I had a particularly stupid in this time
because I had to be a wife most of the time but part of the time I got to be a worker.
I didn't really fun works that was really great and we're pulling up, and I see this girl so I've never seen before.
Sort of dart out of our driveway and stand there watches pulling it.
She goes like this like Oh, my God, i've been hi i'm going to help you, and she goes you know. Of course it's his long drive, and she goes.
Oh, I was just getting some limits, I said Oh, yeah who are you? and she goes.
Oh, I'm your next door, neighbor, no she said she said Kenneth said I could have some who's this guy.
It's old guy across the street so if you ever want eleventh, you know.
Go ahead and he said she said, Ok. Ken said I could have some lemons right? I said he did. Yeah.
And I said, Oh, she goes you don't mind you and I said, Well, yeah, in fact, I do mine, because I thought the lemonade was dying.
I didn't see any lemon on it because she said you would mind if I came back and got a whole bag full with you. Right?
I said, Yeah, like one lemon left on this tree that I can reach that's got to go to Africa, so I never you know I have to get a step letter out to pick my dilemma.
System. I have to use a like this abrasive sponge to clean that table up.
Where is it, brody Well, it just doesn't come off very easily. Try to make like target cross or something really definitive. What's this in this squirt bottle windows similar to sauce go with with kitchen?
Spices we can make. Oh, you know what we have. This meat mango songs Chutney saw that would be good.
Yeah, return to chatting. You save these things. I think that one will say, Yeah, what are those little things about small plastic containers reusable containers?
All right. Yes, suction. Oh, that's really good most salty Oh, I guess we have put this in the amateur room chicken.
Yeah, it's amazing. what happens if you're cute that figure everyone goes around comes around, You know everything will mutate is something you can.
Even. but seriously are we flanking yet, no not even close but I bet you're dropping and in hearing it not.
But that come from when he said, saying, my butt she's fat? Yeah, where do we hear that on Tv?
We're going. Oh, Oh, yeah, my butt he's fat we're saying that we're saying that we are seriously.
No, I don't remember that not that first time I heard that That's one of the things in my job.
I have to outshit. Watch out for saying things like that.
Yeah, you know mothers with you know children with no heart and something, you know can't ride the ride and stuff like that.